Now in this video, I have an important
assignment for you. I'm gonna give you a
little bit of a challenge. And what we're
gonna do is create a data model. And in
this, I wanna point out that Spring
Boot by default is gonna use Jackson
to bind JSON to Java POJOs. And what we
need to do is create the POJOs for the
data binding that we're gonna be
using in the future in the course would
consume this API using Spring RestTemplate. So what I want you to do is check
out the new project. I'm gonna provide
you a URL to the project that we're gonna be
using it. So new repository inside of
GitHub. So check that out. And I want you
to go in and add the model for users
from that apifaketory/api/user. And in
this, please use the package guru.springframework.api.domain. And that
will follow along with what I'm gonna
do because I'm gonna go through in the
next video and show you how to do that.
Now
I do wanna escape out of keynote. And
let's toggle over to Chrome here. And
just to, actually, that's a go over to
postman instead. Come back over here to
postman. And here what we wanna do,
by this here object right here this
JSON object, that I'm highlighting on the
screen, that is a user object. So you
can see it has different properties in
there. So we're gonna create a master
object called user. And then underneath
it, we'll have a name POJO. We'll have a
location POJO, a property for email, a
login POJO, so these are all different
POJOs that we wanna associate with the
user. So we'll create this data structure
using POJOs. And coming up in the course,
I'm gonna show you how to consume
this API. And we're gonna leverage
Spring and Spring Boot to bind this JSON
data to our POJOs, and then that gives us
something to work with in the Java
environment. But first, we need to set up
those POJOs. So i'm giving you an
assignment to go out and do that. And in
the next video, I'm gonna show you
exactly how I did it and just create
simple POJOs
and then we'll be able to use those for
the data binding, when we consume this
API using Spring RestTemplate. And then
one other thing I wanna point out to
you, come back over here. This is the
project that we're gonna be working
with. So I already set it up as just a
initial project and we are gonna go
through like usual, with the branches. So
right now, I want you to check out master
and complete the assignment against
master. And I will start on master myself
and I will add a new branch for the
completed assignment of creating the
POJOs in this. So I'm gonna be right here
with you each step of the way. You can
see that I've already got to set up. It's
actually shockingly passing in CircleCI
because I have one single test to make
sure that the Spring Context comes up.
But we will be going through this, and I
will enhance this at every step of the
way to show you how to use Spring RestTemplate. But the first step is to
create those POJOs that we're gonna
be binding the data to.